But, what kind of study do you like?
What is college like?
You’re in junior high school now aren’t you, Lain?
So if you’re in junior high and want to keep studying, you go to high school, right?
College is where people go if they want to keep studying after high school.
Do you like to study, Sensei?
I didn’t used to.
But I went to America as an exchange student when I was in junior high school, and I started to feel differently then.
You were an exchange student. Wow!
At the time, I just went because my parents wanted me to.
But people have different ways of seeing things in other countries, and I learned a lot from that.
Looking back, it was a lot of work, and at first, I was very nervous, but now I’m really grateful that I was able to be an exchange student.
I learned English, too.
That’s amazing, Toko Sensei!
Oh, it’s not so amazing.
There are lots of people who have studied much more than I have.
I’m really a pretty lazy person.
I liked to fool around, really.
It’s boring to just study, isn’t it?
Do you like to study, Lain?
Not really.
What subjects don’t you like?
Japanese and physical education.
I see. So you don’t like exercise.
No, I don’t like physical education.
You like exercise, then?
Yes.
What kind of exercise do you like?
The metal beam.
Wow!
I used to like running, but I was never good at the metal beam.
I would spin around and get too dizzy.
I like to spin around.
Both frontwards and backwards?
Yes, both.
What don’t you like?
You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to.
I'm sorry.
Are you tired?
Why don't we end early today?